Lin Yang
Fan Yueying
Seems to be bankrupt
you are so fast
Give them to everyone's secretary
Got it together
I really read it right
you are one
Those who only eat soft food
Little cute
Jiang Yao
I'm here for the auction today
I have no time for you
this auction
There is only one lot
That's once a year
and Lord Xia Xue
Opportunity to have dinner together
Base price 10 million
The minimum price increase is 1 million each time
Everyone is welcome to bid enthusiastically
i declare
Bidding starts now
11 million
1.4 million
A bunch of cuties
20 million
The Fan family is indeed very wealthy.
It’s 20,000 in one sale
I heard he is the city lord
I've been a little dissatisfied with the Fan family recently
Fan Jianzheng
Are you loyal to the city lord?
20 million second time
21 million
Don't overestimate your capabilities
The Fan family comes out
30 million
31 million
B.1 million
Lin Yang
Fan Yueying is already bankrupt
What else are you doing?
That steel shop in your pocket
It should be almost done
I'm out
50 million
1 billion